So, just a question from the community
Segwit vs Bitcoin Unlimited
What is your opinion on it?
Ok
So, This, this is the kind of a really really difficult question.
But at the same time is fairly easy.
I am in favor of activating SegWit.
I am in favor of activating SegWit now.
( Applauses )
The reason for that, and don't applaud..
( Laughs  )
Form your own damn opinion
( Laughs )
I am no more the authority you should listen to
than anyone else
This is not a system of belief where
I say: "FC Barcelona" and you go: "Yeeeaah!!"
Make up your own mind
I'll tell you why I think that's true
I think SegWit should be activated now because
it solves a number of different problems
Its the best tested solution that exists
I also think that..
I, I will make a disclosure,
I used to..
think that big blocks would be better.
About two years ago.
And I ran..
Classic and XT to evaluate them
I ran Bitcoin Unlimited too
Not because I thought that we should hardfork to those
But to evaluate the software and understand how it works
And..If the choice was SegWit vs Classic
I might say: " You know a year from now
we could also do
a bump through Classic
The problem with Unlimited in my opinion
is that it doesn't change the rules
it changes, or sets the rulers
who then get to change the rules
And that is a VERY dangerous thing to do in Bitcoin
Specially if it is done as a contentious hardfork
I think Bitcoin Unlimited is a completely untested
system of consensus
If somebody wants to test that with 51%
it is going to be an interesting experiment
Bitcoin is going to get attacked eventually
maybe is better if it gets attacked sooner
rather than later
If you hold Bitcoin as an investment
this would be painful
So, hardforking Bitcoin
with a low percentage and without
Very broad consensus
would damage Bitcoin
We will end up with two chains that will survive
And the sum of their value will be far less
than the sum of value we have in Bitcoin today.
I think that's a very bad idea
Not my choice!
However,
Here is something I can tell you
Bitcoin as a currency; as a means of exchange
The way I use it
for getting paid for my job
works at two hundred dollars
At two thousand dollars
and at twenty dollars
It doesn't change, for me.
Bitcoin as a stable store of value however,
doesn't work with a hardfork
So, it really depends on what you use it for
And there is probably a broader discussion to be had there.